GOALS: 
- Improve your UI 
- Prepare for multiple screen sizes by using UI constraints.

START :
You can re-use the app created in exercice 02.
Or open the Xcode project file under .iOS_workshop/exercices/03-universal-constraints/constraints-exercice/constraints-exercice.xcodeproj

INSTRUCTIONS:
1- Observe how a button lays out in different screens.
Open Main.storyboard
Tap on the button in the hierarchy of the scene.
Change button background color to blue.
Change button font color to white.
Increase width and height of the button. 
Run the app in several devices : iPhone 6, iPad, etc.
Observe that the button is placed in absolute position, not correctly in all screen sizes and screen orientation (portrait / landscape).

2- Improve button layout with auto-layout constraints.
There’s a video setup-constraints.m4v to see how it’s done.
Go back to Xcode and open Main.storyboard.
Maintain Ctrl button pressed down
Drap from the Button item to the above View.
Release and select « Center horizontally in Container »
Tap on the button in the hierarchy of the scene.
Maintain Ctrl button pressed down
Drap from the Button item to the above View.
Release and select « Center vertically in Container »
Resolve conflicts. (yellow arrow, yellow warning, update frame, fix replacement)
Tap on the button in the hierarchy of the scene.
Maintain Ctrl button pressed down
Drap from the Button item to itself.
Release and select « Width »
Tap on the button in the hierarchy of the scene.
Maintain Ctrl button pressed down
Drap from the Button item to itself.
Release and select « Height »
On the right panel, edit width constraint and set constant to 100.
On the right panel, edit height constraint and set constant to 100.
Run the app.
Test several device types and rotations : check that the button is always correctly centered.

3- (FUN) Add a cat image on your button
Open Assets.xcassets. It should be empty first.
Click on the (+) at the bottom of the Assets left list, then click Import…
Alternatively you can go to Xcode > Editor > Add Assets > Import…
Navigate to ./iOS_workshop/exercices/03-universal-constraints/constraints-exercice/ressources/
Choose an cat image to add.
Go back top Main.storyboard
Select the button. 
On the right property panel, change the Background default image, to choose the cat you’ve just added.


SOLUTION:
You should find the Xcode project under the ./solution folder.
If run, the app should display a button centered in all configurations. 


THINGS TO LOOK UP OR ASK :
Explore the right panel when looking at the button. 
Can we edit more details of the constraints ?
Try to add other buttons and add constraints to each others.